What is Emmet?

Emmet uses different abbreviations and short expressions depending on what's passed, and then dynamically converts the abbreviations into the full code. Emmet is mostly used for HTML, XML, and CSS, but it can also be used with programming languages




Difference between a Library and Framework?

A framework inverts program control. It informs the developer of what they require. A library, however, does not. Instead, a programmer calls the library when and where he needs it.




What is CDN? Why do we use it?

A content delivery network (CDN) refers to a geographically distributed group of servers which work together to provide fast delivery of Internet content.
A CDN allows for the quick transfer of assets needed for loading Internet content including HTML pages, javascript files, stylesheets, images, and videos.




Why is React known as React?

React was developed for applications (Facebook) that have constantly changing data. Since React is a front-end framework or the “View” in MVC, this means that as the user clicks around and changes the app's data, the view should “react” or change with those user events.




What is crossorigin in script tag?

The purpose of crossorigin attribute is used to share the resources from one domain to another domain. Basically, it is used to handle the CORS request. It is used to handle the CORS request that checks whether it is safe to allow for sharing the resources from other domains.





What is difference between React and ReactDOM

React library is responsible for creating views and ReactDOM library is responsible to actually render UI in the browser.




What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?

The development build is used - as the name suggests - for development reasons. You have Source Maps, debugging and often times hot reloading ability in those builds. The production build, on the other hand, runs in production mode which means this is the code running on your client's machine.



What is async and defer?

Async - means execute code when it is downloaded and do not block DOM construction during downloading process. Defer - means execute code after it's downloaded and browser finished DOM construction and rendering process.
